What is the primary benefit of using visualizations such as line charts, bar charts, and column charts?•  They are easier to create than other visualizations.• Xx They require fewer resources than more complex visualizations.•  They are also used in Excel, so they feel familiar to users.•  They are free to use.The Excel function IF is nearly the same as which DAX function?•  SWITCH•  IF•  IFX• Xx IFSYou just deleted a dashboard in the Power BI service and want to get it back. What should you do?•  XxPress Ctrl+Z.•  Select Undo from the toolbar.•  You cannot undo the deletion of a dashboard.•  Recover it from the Recycle Bin.You have a sales data source and want to relate the tables. The table that contains sales transactions is a _ table that contains product information is a _ table .•  dimension; fact•  lookup; data•  Xxdata; lookup•  data; supportingOne of your data columns includes the city, state, and postal code line of a mailing address. You need to separate the fields so you can access the geospatial elements for a map visualization. What transformation should you apply?•  Replace values•  Xx Split column•  Modify data type•  Best fit geospatialWhat tool can you use in Power BI Desktop to reduce data?•  report editor•  Power Query Editor•  dashboard•  Xxdata modelerWhich data type can be uploaded directly to powerbi.com?•  Excel files•  comma-separated value (CSV) files•  Power BI Desktop files•  Xxall of these answersWhat should you do to increase the readability of a report?• Xx all of these answers•  Remove unnecessary field labels.•  Select the most appropriate visualization.•  Use borders.Q25. Which feature in the Power BI service is most useful when you need to create pages that present the same visualizations for different territories, salespeople, or teams?•  landscape mode•  none of these answers•  Shrink to Fit•  XxtemplatesWhat should you use to highlight a specific visualization in a report?•  XxSpotlight•  Highlight•  Magnify•  None of the answersYou want to access the underlying data for a specific data point in a visualization. What should you choose?•  Drill up•  Drill down• Xx Expand to next level•  CollapseYou have a treemap visualization that groups by sales territory. To allow users to further analyze data for a specific territory, what filter should you apply?•  Visual level•  Page level•  XxDrillthrough•  Expand downThe iterator functions SUMX and AVERAGEX are used to perform calculations _.•  for Power BI mobile apps•  in Power BI service rather than Power BI desktop•  Xxin the context of a record•  for very large datasetsIn Power BI Desktop Model view, what type of join will yield all results from Table 1 and any matching results from Table 2?•  Right Outer Join•  Left Outer Join•  XxLeft Inner Join•  Right Inner JoinIf you delete a dateset in the Power BI service, what happens to the dashboards and reports supported by the dataset?•  They will be stored as static dashboards and reports.•  XxThey will be deleted.•  They will be converted to image files.•  Nothing—they will be unchanged.Which DAX function compares a column of values in Table A with a similar column in Table B, and returns the values the are not found in Table B?•  COMPARE•  FINDUNIQUE•  XxEXCEPT•  SWITCHYour data model includes two related tables, Customers and Orders. To determine the number of customers that have placed orders, create a measure on the _ table using the _ function.•  XxOrders; DISTINCTCOUNT•  Customers; COUNT•  Orders; COUNT•  Customers; DISTINCTCOUNTYou have two columns of numerical data and want to create a visual to help determine if there is a relationship between them. What kind of chart is designed to do this?•  bar chart•  bubble chart•  line chart•  Xxscatter chartIn general, what is the best way to shape your data for Power BI?•  XxUser a star schema.•  Load all tables from the data source.•  all of these answers•  Include multiple objects in each data table.You can optionally include a filter in which DAX function?•  XxCALCULATE•  SUM•  PICARD•  COMPAREYou have two Excel spreadsheets with data from separate reporting units. Both spreadsheets have the same column names. What Power Query Editor feature can you use to create a unified dataset?•  Unify•  XxAppend•  Merge•  GroupIn Power BI, what is the most important difference between tables related in a star schema and in a snowflake schema?•  A snowflake schema cannot be modeled in Power BI.•  A snowflake schema can be modeled only in Power BI service.•  XxA snowflake schema is much less efficient for Power BI.•  A snowflake schema has more levels of lookup tables.What do you call a visualization that has the single purpose of filtering other visuals in the view?•  waterfall•  none of these answers•  ArcGIS visual•  XxslicerIn the Power Query Editor, how do you add an index column to an existing dataset?•  On the Transform tab, click Add Column > Index.•  Xx On the Add Column tab, click Add Index Column.•  none of these answers•  On the Home tab, click Add Index Column.Which type of visualization is best when you want to compare proportions in a large volume of data with multiple categories and subcategories?•  donut chart•  gauge chart•  Xxtreemap•  waterfallIn the Power Query Editor, what command do you use to remove a symbol - for example, a # that appears in every data now of the selected column?•  Transform > Replace Values•  XxTransform > Remove Text•  Transform > Remove Values•  Transform > Replace ErrorsWhat are the first steps to connect to a data table on Wikipedia from Power BI Desktop?•  Get Data > OData feed > Web URL• Xx Get Data > Web > Enter Web URL•  Get Data > Web Table > Enter Web URL•  Get Data > Data Source > Enter Web URLWhat is the primary purpose of the Relationship view in Power BI Desktop?•  to transform data•  to add members to your team or group•  to grant permission to view a specific table•  Xxto relate tablesIn the Power BI service, filters are applied in what view?•  Filter•  XxEditing•  Reading•  QueryYou are creating a report in Power BI Desktop and want to restrict the data to records where Country=”Canada”. To accomplish this, what do you need to create?•  Xx a directive•  a custom column•  an indexed column•  a parameter