Q3. To index a field that holds an array value in MongoDB, which index type do you create?
 partial
 sparse
 compound
 multikey X

Q5. You need to create a document database that supports database triggers. Which NoSQL database should you use?
 DynamoDB X
 BigTable
 Redis
 MongoDB

Q8. You need to change the shard key of an existing MongoDB collection. What do you do?
 Dump the collection data, drop the collection, create a new collection and shard key, import the data.
 Add second shard key and drop the first shard key.
 Dump the collection data, drop the collection, presplit the data, create a new collection and shard key, import the data. X
 Drop and recreate the shard key.

Q9. Polyglot storage means using multiple types of what in the same application?
 Security systems
 Database systems
 Storage systems X
 Query systems

Q10. You need to implement the simplest possible scalable, in-memory cache for your AWS application. Which service do you select?
 Elasticache using Memcached.
 DynamoDB.
 DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX).
 Elasticache using Redis. X

Q12. Which two characteristics define Amazon Quantum Ledger Database?
 Key-value data model; transactionally consistent with ACID semantics.
 Document data model; transactionally consistent with ACID semantics. X
 Key-value data model; transactions with tunable consistency.
 Document data model; transactions with tunable consistency.

Q14. Which of these data types should you avoid in designing a Google Bigtable row key?
 multi-valued identifiers
 string identifiers
 timestamps
 frequently updated identifiers X

Q15. Your startup is building a prototype that has an evolving schema. Your data will be eventually consistent. Your application is hosted in AWS. Which database do you choose?
 Neptune
 DocumentDB
 DynamoDB X
 Amazon Aurora

Q18. Which statement is preferred Cypher code for Neo4j?
 MATCH (:Person)–>(:Card)–>(:Company) RETURN count(vehicle)
 Match (:Person)–>(:Car):(vehicle:Car)–>(:Company) RETURN count(vehicle)
 MATCH (:Person)–>(vehicle:Car)–>(:Company) RETURN count(vehicle) X
 MATCH (:Person)–>(:Card), (vehicle:Car)–>(:Company) RETURN count(vehicle)

Q19. You need multi-item ACID transactions with snapshot isolation within a partition for your cloud-based application. Which NoSQL databse do you choose?
 Bigtable
 GraphDB
 DynamoDB
 Cosmos DB X

Q20. You need to control your application’s batch updates destination for your Bigtable multinode cluster. Which action do you take?
 Create a custom app profile to route batch updates.
 Create a custom app profile to route the batch update from that client.
 Update the default app profile to route the natch update from that client. X
 Use the default app profile to route batch updates.

Q21. Your query to verify that your Redis key is configured to support expiring user information on a defined interval returns -2, What does this value indicate?
 The queried key value expired in the last two seconds.
 The queried key value exists, but has no associated expire value.
 The queried key value does not exist. X
 There are two expired keys with this value.

Q22. You are designing a MongoDB schema to support queries that will include lookups. What should you do?
 Create an index on the key value used as the primary key.
 Create an index on the key value used as the foreign key.
 Create a multicolumn index on the key value used as the foreign key and the most unique column in the document. X
 Create a multicolumn index on the key value used as the primary and also the foreign key.

Q23. What is the aggregation operator for a join concept in MongoDB?
 $group
 $match
 $lookup X
 $project

Q24. For your mobile application, you need to select a Google cloud databse that can support compound, filtered document queries. Which do you choose?
 Cloud SQL
 Cloud Spanner
 Cloud Firestore X
 Cloud Firebase

Q27. SQL databases and NoSQL are which types of scalable?
 horizontally, infinitely
 vertically, horizontally X
 vertically, infinitely
 horizontally, vertically

Q31. You need to store an unordered collection of name-value pairs with differing data types in DynamoDB. Which data type should you choose?
 map X
 set
 list
 stack

Q36. You want to return a list of all elements in two Redis sets. Which keyword do you use?
 smembers X
 returnall
 sunion
 sismember

Q37. Which method shows you whether MongoDB uses any indexes when running a query, and how the indexes are used?
 detailQueryExecution()
 showPlan()
 explain() X
 describe()

Q42. You need to create a scalable database that supports immutable writes. What do you use?
 A ledger database X
 A graph database
 A key-value database
 A columnstore database

Q43. You need to create a data store for the catalog for your new ecommerce application. Your company is a startup, so the catalog schema may evolve. Which do you choose?
 Neo4j
 Redis
 MySQL
 MongoDB X

Q44. You need to select a NoSQL database for heavy aggregate query workloads. Which type do you choose?
 graph
 key-value
 document
 columnstore X

Q45. You need to select a columnstore database that enforce built-in data types. You want to add indexes to improve performance for known workloads. Which do you choose?
 Cassandra
 Bigtable
 Redis X
 HBase

Q48. You need to create a scalable database to store and query JSON data. What do you use?
 a relational database
 a document database X
 a graph database
 a ledger database

Q28. You need to create a scalable database that allows you to query data nodes and edges efficiently. What do you use?
 a relational database
 a columnstore database
 a document database
 a graph database X

Q26. You need to create a pub/sub server. Which database do you use?
 Neo4j
 Cassandra
 Redis X
 MyS#### QL